welcome to differencies kitchen okay
looks like we have our coconut balls and
our 7up pound cake let's see here
check our cake Wow look at that
Oh delicious what we're going to do now
we're going to make a cream cheese glaze
to loop to drizzle over our
old-fashioned 7up pound cake okay and
we're going to start off with we're
going to put in two cups two cups of
powdered sugar okay and then you're
going to put in about but eight ounces
of cream cheese and we just need a
teaspoon of vanilla where is my here we
go yeah it's okay if you weighs just a
little bit but you don't want to go too
much over because you don't want to mess
up the taste of your cream cheese you
want to take away from the cream cheese
taste okay so now we have our cream
cheese in our in our mixing bowl we have
a teaspoon of vanilla and we have our
two cups of powdered sugar so now we're
going to turn our mixer on and turn it
on slowly at first you want it to mix
first
let's get mixing a little bit here I
always have Old Faithful around that's
bachelor because the mixer sometimes
like I said needs help
to Blin want it to run for a while
you want you to glaze as smooth as you
can get it now we have blended our cream
cheese and like I said 2 cups of cream 2
cups of powdered sugar and an 8 ounce 8
ounces of cream cheese what you want to
do now is you want to put your flavoring
in because you've blended your cream
cheese with your powdered sugar so we're
going to put like a half a teaspoon of
lemon extract and then we're going to
put half a teaspoon of coconut extract
okay and we're going to blend we're
going to mix mix together and this mixer
up better get the flavor in
and you know me and my spatula always
have my spatula handy we're going to
help the mixer out
by
going along the walls get any dry
ingredient or anything that needs to be
blended in to make it smooth
look at that this
okay let's let this run just for a
couple minutes and when we finish this
time to glaze are coming up pal okay
welcome to Deborah's kitchen okay I'm
going to turn this off and what we're
going to do is we have a gorgeous cake
plate here that was given to me by my
sister she left so I'm going to take the
cake plate and we're gonna go over to
our pound cake and we're going to place
the cake on top of our cake plate here
what you want to do is grab a pound bob
a bundt pan right in the middle see what
my hand is make sure it doesn't fall off
my hand is up in the middle and you're
gonna take your plate and put it on the
top okay and then you're just gonna dump
when you do that
voila we're going to take our glaze and
we're gonna take our glaze and we're
going to go around the cake look at that
look how that layers around that and
that pretty and that's pretty and we're
gonna just lay it all the way around the
cake on the top and just fold it like a
slice and close around the top of the
cake we'll leave a little bit in just in
case we need it then you're just gonna
push it just gonna push just like a
little even push and just kind of work
with your let it do its thing just let
it fall where it may very wants to see
that
so now we have our old-fashioned 7o
pound cake
courtesy of my dad Rico